all right I'm here Jimmy Albertson Jimmy
go ahead take us throughout your first
heat good end up winning the heat race
and we just did the main right there and
everything we're an awesome place
starting but I packed it pretty quick
and it's really good race the track
getting kind of slippery because it's a
cold outside I can tell the moisture is
coming out but all-in-all is a good run
all right what is your plan for the 2014
season um yeah just right now we're just
trying to get some riding in because
it's all as - lets ride anywhere else so
it's cool this event was going on but
yeah we're doing the whole Supercross
series I'll be heading out to California
right after Christmas to get some
last-minute preparation done for Anaheim
and then hope they were great Supercross
season all riled up we definitely wish
you the best of luck
anybody out there you'd like to thank
Jimmy yeah definitely a whole cross and
racing through motorsport calm and fly
racing x-ray goggles everybody's helping
me out my brother my wife Brock who came
up here with us our camera guy for our
series Dillon so
kind of a little crew up here a lot of
fun alright well we expect to see you
out here tomorrow night - or just
tonight yeah I'll be here tomorrow night
there's nowhere else to ride so this
place is awesome in they did a killer
job with the track so we'll be showing
up here tomorrow night - all right thank
you around 4:00 tomorrow night Jimmy our
Albertson chicopee bro then
congratulations
you